CC: A 60-year-old female presented after a fall with a history of NASH cirrhosis decompensated by ascites and hepatic encephalopathy with AMS. She also complained of bilateral thigh pain and back pain.

HPI: Her husband described that the patient had "diarrhea" (slightly increased loose stool) and thus decreased the frequency of lactulose and was eating less.

PMH: Type 2 DM
History of gastric bypass

Meds:
Apixaban (history of portal vein thrombosis)
Spironolactone
Pantoprazole
Nadolol
Furosemide

Vitals: All normal

Exam:
Gen: Disoriented and inattentive
Abd: Mildly distended abdomen with ascites
Neuro: Asterixis
MSK: No peripheral edema, very tender to light touch on thighs, no lesions

Notable Labs & Imaging:
Hematology:
WBC: 7.3 Hgb: 12.6 Plt: 252

Chemistry:
Cr: 1.9 (0.7) BUN: 24 Ph: 3.3
AST: 55 ALT: 37 ALP: 137 Bili: 2.2
Albumin: 2.3 INR: 1.7 Ammonia: 52 mcg/L

Imaging:
Head CT: Normal
Back CT: New L1 compression fracture

The patient received fluids, lactulose, and an ascitic fluid tap, which showed no SBP. Her AMS and renal function improved. She reported that her thighs were painful and developed non-palpable petechiae and subcutaneous nodules with retiform purpura forming an eschar.

Bilateral hip X-rays: Soft tissue vascular calcifications
Coags: No DIC
Urinalysis: Normal
B2 glycoprotein and cardiolipin tests negative. Cryoglobulin and APLS workup (anti-CL, anti-B2GP) negative, low antithrombin activity, low protein C activity, protein S normal.

Despite 2 weeks of treatment, she developed septic shock. CT showed a 7 cm abscess underlying one of the thigh lesions, with no improvement despite antibiotics and drainage. Biopsy showed small vessel calcifications. PTH was 244 mcg/dL, 1,25-vitamin D was high, and vitamin C was borderline low.